What's the matter, you said so?
Huaqing Chamber of Commerce has developed to its current scale
I will definitely be a handshake elder in the future
You are my son
I want to hand over the Huaqing Chamber of Commerce to you
Dad, are you kidding me?
This is too fast
Don't worry.
Everything has a process
I'll give you a workout now
Let you start trying to run a business
Well, Yang Qi
What is this?
The Gao family used to be the richest man in Jiangzhou
We have integrated all the assets of the Gao family
I plan to hand it all over to you.
From now on you will be
Head of Kyushu Chamber of Commerce Jiangzhou Region
But I don't know anything yet.
It's okay. Conscience will help you.
I was just a bodyguard
To get to where we are today
But my ancestors look up to me
As long as the young masters say a word
Conscience goes through fire and water and kicks me to death